# base16-gnome-terminal

[Base16](https://github.com/chriskempson/base16) for Gnome Terminal.

**NOTE:** All files in this repository are generated by a base16-builder 

## Installation
Firstly, make sure there is a default profile in your Gnome terminal
preferences. To check this, open preferences, then from the "Preferences"
menu go to profiles and ensure one of the profiles is selected as the profile
to use when launching a new terminal. Then clone the repo and execute the
scheme file of your choosing:

```
git clone https://github.com/aaron-williamson/base16-gnome-terminal.git ~/.config/base16-gnome-terminal
.config/base16-gnome-terminal/color-scripts/base16-default-dark.sh
```

Next, restart or open Gnome Terminal. Right click on the terminal and select
profiles the menu that pops-up. The scheme you just sourced should be
available for selection.

## "256" Variations
The 256 variations are provided so that anyone who wishes to continue using
the 16 ANSI colors won't end up with weird colors instead of bright colors.
However since base16 uses only 16-color themes, this results in all of the
bright colors mirroring their non-bright colors, rather than being additional
colors. If you use the 256 variations, you will also need to use the [Base16
Shell](https://github.com/chriskempson/base16-shell) script to maintain proper
compatibility with the base16 themes.

## Known issues
Gnome terminal makes bold fonts use the bright colors, which causes issues
with the non-256 color themes. Work around as of right now is to use a 256
color gnome terminal variation and use [Base16
Shell](https://github.com/chriskempson/base16-shell) in the mean time.
